feat: add linz.lol.dbPlatform tactical tag for Landonline PG migration (#266)
linz/cdk-tag: README.md

> Set `dr.drEnabled: true` to enable disaster recovery plan generation for this resource (tag applied: `linz.dr.enabled`, default: `false`).

> > Set `lol.dbPlatform` to tag a resource with its database platform during the Landonline PG migration (tag applied: `linz.lol.dbPlatform`). Valid values: `'informix'` or `'pg'`. **Tactical tag — only relevant during the Landonline PostgreSQL migration.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Set `lol.dbPlatform` to tag an AWS resource with its landonline database platform during the Landonline PG migration (tag applied: `linz.lol.dbPlatform`). Valid values: `'informix'` or `'pg'`. This help the monitoring PG services separately from informix. **Tactical tag — only relevant during the Landonline PostgreSQL migration.**
```
